Update meta descriptions (#6530)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/deployment/update/fod-and-lang-packs.md

---
title: Windows 10 - How to make FoD and language packs available when you're using WSUS/SCCM

> description: In this article, you will leann how to make FoD and language packs available when you are using WSUS/SCCM

Reviewer: Typo:
```suggestion
description: In this article, you will learn how to make FoD and language packs available when using WSUS/SCCM.
```
(also: slightly redundant "you are" in a conditional sentence particle context)
